Improve Microsoft Defender for Endpoint auth permissions docs (#40501)
demisto/content: Packs/MicrosoftDefenderAdvancedThreatProtection/Integrations/MicrosoftDefenderAdvancedThreatProtection/README.md

>
>|ID|Name|OSBuild|URL|MachineMissedOn|CVEAddressed|\n|---|---|---|---|---|---|
>| 1234567 | March 20XX Security Updates | 12345 | [https://catalog.update.microsoft.com/v7/site/Search.aspx?q=KB1234567](https://catalog.update.microsoft.com/v7/site/Search.aspx?q=KB1234567) | 1 | 97 |

### microsoft-atp-list-auth-permissions

***

> Run this command to get the permissions from the decoded JSON Web Token (JWT) from the authentication process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command gets the permissions from the current configured user's role. Use for permission issue detections.
```
